PHPFox Legacy
This is a legacy fork of v3.9. Modern PHPFox V4.8 is built using Unity Cloud. This version is completely self hosted offline. This code is retired and no longer being maintained by anyone, however v3 modules still exist. Requires php5.6 or older to run.
For installation, please look at readme.html.
For more info, visit: https://store.phpfox.com/kb/article/135/installing-the-product
This product was built by Raymond Benc. It is being maintained by members of the PHPFox community.
To get involved, create an issue report and help us keep the legacy of this fantastic social networking script alive and thriving. For information purposes, this project will be called the revival of Nebula. Whereas Neutron is the cloud and currently developed version of PHPFox.
Why did we decide to revive Nebula? Because although cloud is useful for some things, and although managing app updates are easier with cloud especially in 2020, some of the interface items built using Nebula still make more sense and they were last updated 7 years ago.
With Nebula, you don't need to worry about an app update undoing any custom changes you made to your site even with changes made to a Git Reposatory like this one. Whereas with Neutron, lots of changes are made regularly to files and you have no control over the upgrade process. In production environments, this may be fine, but it is proven that sometimes the more local your resources are, the faster things run in general.
What's the future of Nebula? Honestly, you're looking at a proof of concept right now. Our goal is to restore local access to products made with better quality and attention paid to detail on white label solutions you're able to implement and own yourself with help from the community when it is needed. This means, any site owner could chime in on Git Hub, and get or hire a developer to help us when things need to be updated, as opposed to updates regularly forced on us by developers, API's and incompatible product lineups for the sake of an upgrade.
IS there a time frame to keep up with modern website changes such as php versions or MariaDB databases? Yes, given patience to ensure rock solid quality. It is generally always a good idea to handle most security related updates on the server side. Usually hosting companies will do this for you if you aren't sure, hardware vulnerabilities generally come down to misconfigurations. Through our experience, we've found that the more companies update their software and detect vulnerabilities, the more the same issues keep cropping up again and again. Open ports for write access by a user or a buggy php process or MYSQL connection update, are the number one reasons why security breaches occur in data leaks besides inside jobs. With Nebula, as you are hosting a non cloud version, you always have control of what files are getting updated as we'll always tell you what's needed to be done as new changes to this reposatory occur.
Is this a paid for product? Yes. It's been bought so many times, and its developer who originally made it moved on to the cloud and then to another company entirely. You shouldn't need to pay to use a product that has reached end of life status several years ago. We consider the future of the modern day Moxi9 or PHPFox v4 product line to be in some areas, a down grade from this original version. Imagine for a moment, Apache became commercialized. Then PHP decided to be a commercial product as an addon to Apache server. One day, the developers decide to move to Nginx and the original Apache product unified with PHP to become its own frame work where you had to have a constant connection to the cloud to receive updates. Older self hosted versions of Apache web server would still be in high demand because of their value as a static file system.
If in doubt, always keep the original credits intact so the developer can at least receive recognition for excellent work. This is different from site branding, which in some ways, is still better speaking from a professional standpoint. We will never charge you to use this reposatory and we want people to enjoy examples of excellent work going into a platform that has made many hundreds of thousands of users impressed with its stability overall. This is why we choose legacy for a better, revived future of the web 2.0 social brand free internet. Reviving networks and communities along the way to a fresh and empowering start.
Thank you for your interest, time and understanding of what we're trying to do. We hope you enjoy the effort put into this project. Contributions are appreciated and as always, so are you. Now it's time to bring back safer, vibrant websites.
IF you want to checkout other projects similar to this one we are reviving to further this aim, you can visit https://github.com/elshara/ to understand our vision, dream and goal as a whole.
Yours truly with blessings, love and support. Elshara Silverheart. Project leader.
